README.md, before:

# Hello WeR1

Welcome to the demo application for WeR1, this is meant to give you a brief idea of my skills.

## Running

1. Node 20+
2. Run `npm ci` to install dependencies
3. Set the following environmental variables
   - `ACR_TOKEN` this should be set to the personal access token from [ACRCloud](https://console.acrcloud.com/account?region=eu-west-1#/developer). The token requires just `read-metadata` permissions. The variable should be set without `bearer`.
   - `PORT` this is the port to run the server on. It is _optional_ and if omitted will default to 4000.
   - `ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET` this can be set to anything, it is just for the JWT token signing which is a demo in this.
4. Run `npm run start` to compile and launch the server

The _graphql-queries_ folder has examples of the queries which can be run.

## Design Notes

- To get this going quickly I used [gts](https://github.com/google/gts) to scaffold the system. I went with this because it gives me a npm based solution which I felt had the lowest barrier for entry. If I was doing this in a production system, I likely would have used [bun](https://bun.sh/) thanks to its native TypeScript support, templates and performance. Same is true for eslint, not my ideal config but just quicker to get running with it.

- The document provided said it could be dockerised, and I have not done that because it was optional and also because adding a _DOCKERFILE_ is not massively complex and the time to benefit trade-off for me, lands that I would rather produce a better full solution for you to understand my skills.

- DB for this is PouchDB which is a local DB which can work with CouchDB. I just wanted a pure local filesystem solution. Obviously a real system would have something far better for production.

- The DB layer creates the index each time just to make it easier to run. In a prod system, I would pull that out into scripts that run on creation and save spin up cycles.

- In the requirements, point 5 is "Include proper error handling and response status codes for GraphQL endpoints" and most of this is handled by the Apollo engine anyway, but there are cases where there is a design decision to be made. For example with updating/deleting, what should happen when an invalid ID is provided. One approach could be to return a 404 which is what I would do in a RESTFul system; but in this I chose to always return successfully and return nothing if it does not exist. This is for me, closer to the way I believe GraphQL should work; but this is a design approach and one to be discussed by a team.

- What about exceptions and how should they be handled? At this point they are intentionally left as is, so that it is clear on the cause. This could be potentially exposing internal data (a known OWASP top 10), but without context on how this will be used, it is not clear the severity. If this is internal, then the severity is minimal and the benefit greater. If this is public facing, then the risk increases and they should be handled.

Commit message:

switching to bun, cause it just makes is better cleaned up db code started looking at tests

README.md, after:

# Hello WeR1

Welcome to the demo application for WeR1, this is meant to give you a brief idea of my skills.

## Running

1. Node 20+
2. Install [bun](https://bun.sh/) `npm install -g bun`
3. Run `bun i` to install dependencies
3. Set the following environmental variables
   - `ACR_TOKEN` this should be set to the personal access token from [ACRCloud](https://console.acrcloud.com/account?region=eu-west-1#/developer). The token requires just `read-metadata` permissions. The variable should be set without `bearer`.
   - `PORT` this is the port to run the server on. It is _optional_ and if omitted will default to 4000.
   - `ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET` this can be set to anything, it is just for the JWT token signing which is a demo in this.
4. Run `bun run start` to compile and launch the server

The _graphql-queries_ folder has examples of the queries which can be run.

## Design Notes

- I decided to use bun as the runtime for this since it makes working with TypeScript much easier and it is so much faster than node. Also the errors are nicer.

- The document provided said it could be dockerised, and I have not done that because it was optional and also because adding a _DOCKERFILE_ is not massively complex and the time to benefit trade-off for me, lands that I would rather produce a better full solution for you to understand my skills.

- DB for this is PouchDB which is a local DB which can work with CouchDB. I just wanted a pure local filesystem solution. Obviously a real system would have something far better for production.

- The DB layer creates the index each time just to make it easier to run. In a prod system, I would pull that out into scripts that run on creation and save spin up cycles.

- In the requirements, point 5 is "Include proper error handling and response status codes for GraphQL endpoints" and most of this is handled by the Apollo engine anyway, but there are cases where there is a design decision to be made. For example with updating/deleting, what should happen when an invalid ID is provided. One approach could be to return a 404 which is what I would do in a RESTFul system; but in this I chose to always return successfully and return nothing if it does not exist. This is for me, closer to the way I believe GraphQL should work; but this is a design approach and one to be discussed by a team.

- What about exceptions and how should they be handled? At this point they are intentionally left as is, so that it is clear on the cause. This could be potentially exposing internal data (a known OWASP top 10), but without context on how this will be used, it is not clear the severity. If this is internal, then the severity is minimal and the benefit greater. If this is public facing, then the risk increases and they should be handled.
